[Docs] Added developer documentation for DeviceAPI and Target. (#8082)
apache/tvm: docs/dev/device_target_interactions.rst

..  Licensed to the Apache Software Foundation (ASF) under one
    or more contributor license agreements.  See the NOTICE file
    distributed with this work for additional information
    regarding copyright ownership.  The ASF licenses this file
    to you under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the
    "License"); you may not use this file except in compliance
    with the License.  You may obtain a copy of the License at

..    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

..  Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing,
    software distributed under the License is distributed on an
    "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY
    KIND, either express or implied.  See the License for the
    specific language governing permissions and limitations
    under the License.

.. _tvm-target-specific-overview:

Device/Target Interactions
--------------------------

This documented is intended for developers interested in understanding

> how the TVM framework interacts with specific API interacts, or who

Author: Change made, to be pushed shortly.

may want to implement support for a new API or new hardware.

There are three main aspects that must be implemented for any new
runtime environment.

* The :ref:`DeviceAPI <tvm-target-specific-device-api>` class gives a
  handle to a specific device, and the API used to interact with it.
  It defines a common interface for querying device parameters
  (e.g. memory available, number of threads, etc.) and for performing
  simple actions (e.g. copying memory from the host, or between
  buffers on the device).

* The :ref:`Target <tvm-target-specific-target>` class contains a
  description of the device on which a function will run.  It is

>   exposed both to the target code generators and to the earlier

Author: Makes sense, update made.

  an IRModule.

.. _tvm-target-specific-device-api:

DeviceAPI
---------

The ``DeviceAPI`` represents a handle to a specific device.  In
Python, these can be constructed using the
:py:func:`tvm.runtime.device` function.

.. _device_api.h: https://github.com/apache/tvm/blob/main/include/tvm/runtime/device_api.h

* Attribute queries - ``GetAttr`` allows different
  device-specific parameters to be queried, such as the device name,
  number of threads, etc.  The parameters that can be queried are
  defined in ``enum DeviceAttrKind`` in `device_api.h`_.  Not all
  query-able parameters are supported by all devices.  If a parameter
  cannot be queried (e.g. ``kMaxClockRate`` on Vulkan), or if a
  parameter isn't applicable (e.g. ``kWarpSize`` on CPU), then those
  queries should return ``nullptr``.

* Setting active device - ``SetDevice`` should set a
  particular device as being active.  If a ``PackedFunc`` generated by
  the target-specific code gen requires execution on a device, it
  should run on the active device.

* Memory management - Utilities for allocating and deallocating memory
  on the device.

  * Allocate data space - ``AllocDataSpace`` and ``FreeDataSpace``

>     allocate and free space on the device.  It must be possible to
>     transfer data from the host to/from a data space.  The return
>     value is an opaque ``void*``, and will be passed unmodified into
>     other target-specific functions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    allocate and free space on the device. These allocations can be provided 
    as inputs and outputs to an operator and make up the primary data flow
    of the operator graph. It must be possible to
    transfer data from the host to/from a data space.  The return
    value is an opaque ``void*``, and will be passed unmodified into
    other target-specific functions.
```

DataSpace APIs allocate and free graph operator output tensors. Data space allocations may be graph intermediates, or graph outputs, and in the latter case they will be read from directly as you state.

Reviewer: It might also be worth noting that the pointer returned by the device API may be an opaque handle interpretable by the specific device backend only.

Author: Changes make sense, and I added an explicit line that these may be opaque handles.

  * Allocate work space - ``AllocWorkspace`` and ``FreeWorkspace``

>     allocate and free space on the device.  Unlike data space, these
>     are used for storage of intermediate values, and are not required
>     to be transferable to/from the host device.  If a ``DeviceAPI``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    allocate and free space on the device.  Unlike data space, these
    are used for storage of intermediate values within an operator 
    definition, and are not able to be transferable to/from the 
    host device.  If a ``DeviceAPI``
```

Author: Makes sense, changed.
